So the final aggregate function that we're going to look at is the average aggregate function and this
returns the average value in a given column.
So it's going to sum up all the values in that column and then it's going to divide that value by the
number of entries in that column to return the average value.
So let's say we wanted to find the average length of all the films that we're showing we can use the
average aggregate function on the length from one column.
So let's write that now we can write select a Viji for average length on the school main for the column
from films
and then run that query.
And you can see our average length for our films in our database is 115 minutes point zero or a free
free.
So basically just under two hours for the average length of the films the cinema is showing.
So this is where you return the average length of the average value for a column.
We can also add where clauses when my using average aggregate functions.
So let's say we wanted to any slack the average length of films if all films are over two hours long.
So let's select average length men from films and let's add a WHERE clause let's say where length men
is greater than one hundred and twenty minutes.
So greater than two hours we can run up and we now have an average value of a hundred and thirty four
minutes.
So is any taking into account films which are over in 20 minutes.
It seems that length's up and divided by the number of films and has returned to value an average value
of 134 minutes.
So this is how we use average aggregate functions.
Now let's move on to the next video.